Add meetup description & slides from 27.03.2025 (#9)
bernergo/meetups: 2025-03-25/README.md

Links: [Project](https://www.chezmoi.io)  
Speaker: [Github](https://github.com/twpayne)

## Evolution and architecture of the goProbe project – Lennart Elsen & Fabian Kohn

This talk explores how Open Systems solved the problem of capturing, storing and querying Terabytes of network metadata efficiently with `goProbe` (write path) and `goQuery` (read path).

Links: [Slides](global-network-observability-with-goprobe.pdf) |  [Code](https://github.com/els0r/goProbe)  
Speakers:  
Lennart Elsen [Github](https://github.com/els0r)  
Fabian Kohn [Github](https://github.com/fako1024) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/fabiankohn/)

## Go 1.24 Update – Thomas Gosteli

Lightning talk highlighting updates and features of the Go 1.24 release.

Links: [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16Jt5N0t61-quuqpOMR5gmYzdhqn3dS_a0RbnD864Z5Q)  | [Code](https://github.com/ghouscht/go-1.24-whats-new)  
Speaker: [Github](https://github.com/ghouscht) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-gosteli/)

## Compiling CGO with Zig – John Hutchison & Johannes Karl

> Ligtning talk on how you can use the Zig C and C++ comilation features to more easily cross compile projects using CGO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lightning talk on how you can use the Zig C and C++ compilation features to more easily cross compile projects using CGO.
```
